Customer 5 has left the store without buying an item.
Lisa the clerk arrives at the store on day 21.
Julie the trainer arrives at the store on day 21.
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 is thinking about buying a dog.
Julie offered Customer 1 a 10% discount on the dog
Customer 1 will pay for the dog with a 10% discount
Lisa is adding $152.6 to the register.
Customer 1 has left the store after buying a dog.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 is thinking about buying a dog.
Julie offered Customer 2 a 10% discount on the dog
Customer 2 will continue to look at other items.
Customer 2 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 4 has entered the store.
Customer 4 is thinking about buying a dog.
Lisa says Customer 4 will pay for the dog at list price.
Lisa is adding $115.0 to the register.
Customer 4 has left the store after buying a dog.
Customer 5 has entered the store.
Customer 5 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 6 has entered the store.
Customer 6 has left the store without buying an item.
Greg the clerk arrives at the store on day 21.
Bob the trainer arrives at the store on day 21.
Greg says there is $5008.4004 in the register. No need to go to bank.
Greg says the inventory is valued at $0.0
Greg says there are no dogs in stock. They're going to order more.
Greg says there are no cats in stock. They're going to order more.
Greg says there are no birds in stock. They're going to order more.
Greg says there are no ferrets in stock. They're going to order more.
Greg says there are no snakes in stock. They're going to order more.
Greg says there are no more leashes in stock. They're going to order more.
Greg says there are no more toys in stock. They're not going to order more.
Greg says there are no more treats in stock. They're going to order more.
Greg says there is more food in stock. They're going to order more.
Greg says there is no more litter in stock. They're going to order more.
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Greg is locking up the store. Greg and Bob are leaving the store.
