Greg the clerk arrives at the store on day 5.
Julie the trainer arrives at the store on day 5.
Julie is feeding a dog.
Julie is feeding a sick cat. They haven't gotten better.
Julie is feeding a dog.
Julie is feeding a cat.
Julie is feeding a ferret.
Julie is feeding a snake.
Greg says there is $2935.6003 in the register. No need to go to bank.
Greg says the inventory is valued at $330.0
Julie is training a dog.
The dog is already housebroken, no need to train.
Julie is training a cat.
The cat is already housebroken, no need to train.
Julie is training a dog.
The dog is already housebroken, no need to train.
Julie is training a cat.
The cat is already housebroken, no need to train.
Julie is training a ferret.
The ferret is already housebroken, no need to train.
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 is thinking about buying a ferret.
Julie offered Customer 2 a 10% discount on the ferret
Customer 2 will pay for the ferret with a 10% discount
Insurance will be added to the sale for $50.
Greg is adding $57.2 to the register.
Customer 2 has left the store after buying a ferret.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 is thinking about buying a snake.
Julie offered Customer 3 a 10% discount on the snake
Customer 3 will pay for the snake with a 10% discount
A microchip will be added to the sale for $50.
Greg is adding $77.0 to the register.
Customer 3 has left the store after buying a snake.
Customer 4 has entered the store.
Customer 4 is thinking about buying a dog.
Julie offered Customer 4 a 10% discount on the dog
Customer 4 will pay for the dog with a 10% discount
A microchip will be added to the sale for $50.
Greg is adding $177.8 to the register.
Customer 4 has left the store after buying a dog.
Julie is cleaning a sick cat's cage.
Julie is cleaning a dog cage.
Julie is cleaning a cat cage.
Greg is locking up the store. Greg and Julie are leaving the store.
Greg says a new leash has arrived. It will be added to inventory.
Greg says a new leash has arrived. It will be added to inventory.
Greg says a new leash has arrived. It will be added to inventory.
