Greg the clerk arrives at the store on day 18.
Harry the trainer arrives at the store on day 18.
Harry is feeding a sick dog. Harry says the dog has gotten better. They're being moved to the store.
Harry is feeding a dog.
Harry is feeding a cat.
Harry is feeding a bird.
Harry is feeding a bird.
Harry is feeding a ferret.
Harry is feeding a ferret.
Harry is feeding a snake.
Harry is feeding a snake.
Harry is feeding a snake.
Greg says there is $3005.6 in the register. No need to go to bank.
Greg says the inventory is valued at $1271.0
Harry is training a dog.
The dog is already housebroken, no need to train.
Harry is training a dog.
The dog is already housebroken, no need to train.
Harry is training a cat.
The cat is already housebroken, no need to train.
Harry is training a ferret.
The ferret is already housebroken, no need to train.
Harry is training a ferret.
The ferret is not yet housebroken, they're going to train with Harry
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 is thinking about buying a treats.
Harry offered Customer 1 a 10% discount on the treats
Greg is adding $113.4 to the register.
Customer 1 has left the store after buying a treats.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 is thinking about buying a snake.
Greg says Customer 2 will pay for the snake at list price.
Greg is adding $242.0 to the register.
Customer 2 has left the store after buying a snake.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 is thinking about buying a ferret.
Greg says Customer 3 will pay for the ferret at list price.
Greg is adding $226.0 to the register.
Customer 3 has left the store after buying a ferret.
Customer 4 has entered the store.
Customer 4 is thinking about buying a leash.
Greg says Customer 4 will pay for the leash at list price.
Greg is adding $158.0 to the register.
Customer 4 has left the store after buying a leash.
Customer 5 has entered the store.
Customer 5 is thinking about buying a cat.
Greg says Customer 5 will pay for the cat at list price.
Greg is adding $130.0 to the register.
Customer 5 has left the store after buying a cat.
Harry is cleaning a dog cage. Oh no the dog escaped.
Greg has caught the dog and returned it to the cage.
Harry is cleaning a dog cage. Oh no the dog escaped.
Greg has caught the dog and returned it to the cage.
Harry is cleaning a bird cage.
Harry is cleaning a bird cage.
Harry is cleaning a ferret cage.
Harry is cleaning a snake cage.
Harry is cleaning a snake cage.
Greg is locking up the store. Greg and Harry are leaving the store.
