Mike the clerk arrives at the store on day 27.
Julie the trainer arrives at the store on day 27.
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 is thinking about buying a cat.
Julie offered Customer 2 a 10% discount on the cat
Customer 2 will pay for the cat with a 10% discount
Mike is adding $219.2 to the register.
Customer 2 has left the store after buying a cat.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 is thinking about buying a bird.
Mike says Customer 3 will pay for the bird at list price.
Mike is adding $224.0 to the register.
Customer 3 has left the store after buying a bird.
Customer 4 has entered the store.
Customer 4 is thinking about buying a dog.
Julie offered Customer 4 a 10% discount on the dog
Customer 4 will continue to look at other items.
Customer 4 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 5 has entered the store.
Customer 5 is thinking about buying a food.
Julie offered Customer 5 a 10% discount on the food
Mike is adding $135.0 to the register.
Customer 5 has left the store after buying a food.
Customer 6 has entered the store.
Customer 6 has left the store without buying an item.
Lisa the clerk arrives at the store on day 27.
Julie the trainer arrives at the store on day 27.
Julie is feeding a dog.
Julie is feeding a sick ferret. Julie says the ferret has gotten better. They're being moved to the store.
Julie is feeding a sick ferret. They haven't gotten better.
Julie is feeding a sick cat. They haven't gotten better.
Julie is feeding a snake.
Lisa says there is $5436.401 in the register. No need to go to bank.
Lisa says the inventory is valued at $405.0
Julie is training a dog.
The dog is already housebroken, no need to train.
Julie is training a ferret.
The ferret is already housebroken, no need to train.
Julie is training a ferret.
The ferret is already housebroken, no need to train.
Julie is training a cat.
The cat is not yet housebroken, they're going to train with Julie
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 is thinking about buying a treats.
Julie offered Customer 1 a 10% discount on the treats
Customer 1 will continue to look at other items.
Customer 1 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 is thinking about buying a ferret.
Julie offered Customer 2 a 10% discount on the ferret
Customer 2 will continue to look at other items.
Customer 2 is thinking about buying a treats.
Julie offered Customer 2 a 10% discount on the treats
Lisa is adding $102.6 to the register.
Customer 2 has left the store after buying a treats.
Julie is cleaning a dog cage. Oh no the dog escaped.
Julie has caught the dog and returned it to the cage.
Julie is cleaning a ferret cage.
Julie is cleaning a sick ferret's cage.
Julie is cleaning a sick cat's cage.
Julie is cleaning a snake cage.
Lisa is locking up the store. Lisa and Julie are leaving the store.
