Greg the clerk arrives at the store on day 29.
Bob the trainer arrives at the store on day 29.
Bob is feeding a dog.
Bob is feeding a dog.
Bob is feeding a dog.
Bob is feeding a cat.
Bob is feeding a cat.
Bob is feeding a cat.
Bob is feeding a bird.
Bob is feeding a bird.
Bob is feeding a bird.
Greg says there is $4036.4 in the register. No need to go to bank.
Greg says the inventory is valued at $995.0
Bob is training a dog.
The dog is not yet housebroken, they're going to train with Bob
Bob is training a dog.
The dog is already housebroken, no need to train.
Bob is training a dog.
The dog is not yet housebroken, they're going to train with Bob
Bob is training a cat.
The cat is already housebroken, no need to train.
Bob is training a cat.
The cat is not yet housebroken, they're going to train with Bob
The positive reinforcement training worked, the cat is now housebroken.Bob is training a cat.
The cat is already housebroken, no need to train.
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 is thinking about buying a bird.
Greg says Customer 1 will pay for the bird at list price.
Greg is adding $53.0 to the register.
Customer 1 has left the store after buying a bird.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 4 has entered the store.
Customer 4 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 5 has entered the store.
Customer 5 is thinking about buying a cat.
Bob offered Customer 5 a 10% discount on the cat
Customer 5 will continue to look at other items.
Customer 5 is thinking about buying a leash.
Bob offered Customer 5 a 10% discount on the leash
Greg is adding $99.0 to the register.
Customer 5 has left the store after buying a leash.
Customer 6 has entered the store.
Customer 6 is thinking about buying a cat.
Greg says Customer 6 will pay for the cat at list price.
Greg is adding $132.0 to the register.
Customer 6 has left the store after buying a cat.
Customer 7 has entered the store.
Customer 7 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 8 has entered the store.
Customer 8 is thinking about buying a cat.
Bob offered Customer 8 a 10% discount on the cat
Customer 8 will pay for the cat with a 10% discount
Greg is adding $212.0 to the register.
Customer 8 has left the store after buying a cat.
Customer 9 has entered the store.
Customer 9 is thinking about buying a dog.
Greg says Customer 9 will pay for the dog at list price.
Greg is adding $146.0 to the register.
Customer 9 has left the store after buying a dog.
Bob is cleaning a dog cage. Oh no the dog escaped.
Greg has caught the dog and returned it to the cage.
Bob is cleaning a dog cage.
Bob is cleaning a cat cage.
Bob is cleaning a bird cage.
Bob is cleaning a bird cage.
Greg is locking up the store. Greg and Bob are leaving the store.
