Customer 8 has entered the store.
Greg the clerk arrives at the store on day 26.
Bob the trainer arrives at the store on day 26.
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 is thinking about buying a dog.
Greg says Customer 1 will pay for the dog at list price.
Greg is adding $47.0 to the register.
Customer 1 has left the store after buying a dog.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 is thinking about buying a leash.
Bob offered Customer 2 a 10% discount on the leash
Greg is adding $120.6 to the register.
Customer 2 has left the store after buying a leash.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 is thinking about buying a treats.
Greg says Customer 3 will pay for the treats at list price.
Greg is adding $142.0 to the register.
Customer 3 has left the store after buying a treats.
Customer 4 has entered the store.
Customer 4 is thinking about buying a dog.
Bob offered Customer 4 a 10% discount on the dog
Customer 4 will pay for the dog with a 10% discount
Greg is adding $194.0 to the register.
Customer 4 has left the store after buying a dog.
Greg the clerk arrives at the store on day 26.
Harry the trainer arrives at the store on day 26.
Harry is feeding a dog.
Harry is feeding a sick ferret. They haven't gotten better.
Harry is feeding a sick ferret. They haven't gotten better.
Harry is feeding a cat. Harry says the cat has gotten sick. They're being moved to the clinic.
Harry is feeding a snake.
Harry is feeding a snake.
Greg says there is $5236.401 in the register. No need to go to bank.
Greg says the inventory is valued at $505.0
Harry is training a dog.
The dog is already housebroken, no need to train.
Harry is training a ferret.
The ferret is already housebroken, no need to train.
Harry is training a ferret.
The ferret is already housebroken, no need to train.
Harry is training a cat.
The cat is not yet housebroken, they're going to train with Harry
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 is thinking about buying a leash.
Greg says Customer 1 will pay for the leash at list price.
Greg is adding $38.0 to the register.
Customer 1 has left the store after buying a leash.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 is thinking about buying a cat litter.
Greg says Customer 2 will pay for the cat litter at list price.
Greg is adding $154.0 to the register.
Customer 2 has left the store after buying a cat litter.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 4 has entered the store.
Customer 4 is thinking about buying a snake.
Greg says Customer 4 will pay for the snake at list price.
Greg is adding $33.0 to the register.
Customer 4 has left the store after buying a snake.
Customer 5 has entered the store.
Customer 5 has left the store without buying an item.
Harry is cleaning a dog cage.
Harry is cleaning a sick ferret's cage.
Harry is cleaning a sick ferret's cage.
Harry is cleaning a sick cat's cage.
Harry is cleaning a snake cage.
Greg is locking up the store. Greg and Harry are leaving the store.
