Lisa the clerk arrives at the store on day 23.
Bob the trainer arrives at the store on day 23.
Bob is feeding a sick dog. They haven't gotten better.
Bob is feeding a sick ferret. They haven't gotten better.
Bob is feeding a ferret.
Bob is feeding a cat.
Bob is feeding a cat. Bob says the cat has gotten sick. They're being moved to the clinic.
Bob is feeding a snake.
Lisa says there is $4700.8 in the register. No need to go to bank.
Lisa says the inventory is valued at $452.0
Bob is training a dog.
The dog is already housebroken, no need to train.
Bob is training a ferret.
The ferret is already housebroken, no need to train.
Bob is training a ferret.
The ferret is already housebroken, no need to train.
Bob is training a cat.
The cat is already housebroken, no need to train.
Bob is training a cat.
The cat is already housebroken, no need to train.
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 is thinking about buying a cat litter.
Lisa says Customer 1 will pay for the cat litter at list price.
Lisa is adding $74.0 to the register.
Customer 1 has left the store after buying a cat litter.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 is thinking about buying a cat.
Bob offered Customer 2 a 10% discount on the cat
Customer 2 will pay for the cat with a 10% discount
Lisa is adding $111.0 to the register.
Customer 2 has left the store after buying a cat.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 4 has entered the store.
Customer 4 is thinking about buying a snake.
Bob offered Customer 4 a 10% discount on the snake
Customer 4 will continue to look at other items.
Customer 4 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 5 has entered the store.
Customer 5 is thinking about buying a ferret.
Lisa says Customer 5 will pay for the ferret at list price.
Lisa is adding $116.0 to the register.
Customer 5 has left the store after buying a ferret.
Customer 6 has entered the store.
Customer 6 is thinking about buying a leash.
Lisa says Customer 6 will pay for the leash at list price.
Lisa is adding $196.0 to the register.
Customer 6 has left the store after buying a leash.
Customer 7 has entered the store.
Customer 7 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 8 has entered the store.
Customer 8 is thinking about buying a treats.
Bob offered Customer 8 a 10% discount on the treats
Lisa is adding $45.0 to the register.
Customer 8 has left the store after buying a treats.
Customer 9 has entered the store.
Customer 9 has left the store without buying an item.
Bob is cleaning a sick dog's cage.
Bob is cleaning a sick ferret's cage.
Bob is cleaning a sick cat's cage.
Bob is cleaning a snake cage.
Lisa is locking up the store. Lisa and Bob are leaving the store.
