Lisa the clerk arrives at the store on day 7.
Bob the trainer arrives at the store on day 7.
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 is thinking about buying a cat litter.
Bob offered Customer 2 a 10% discount on the cat litter
Lisa is adding $59.4 to the register.
Customer 2 has left the store after buying a cat litter.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 is thinking about buying a leash.
Bob offered Customer 3 a 10% discount on the leash
Lisa is adding $163.8 to the register.
Customer 3 has left the store after buying a leash.
Customer 4 has entered the store.
Customer 4 is thinking about buying a cat.
Bob offered Customer 4 a 10% discount on the cat
Customer 4 will continue to look at other items.
Customer 4 has left the store without buying an item.
Mike the clerk arrives at the store on day 7.
Bob the trainer arrives at the store on day 7.
Bob is feeding a snake.
Bob is feeding a dog.
Bob is feeding a ferret.
Bob is feeding a sick snake. They haven't gotten better.
Bob is feeding a dog.
Bob is feeding a ferret.
Bob is feeding a snake. Bob says the snake has gotten sick. They're being moved to the clinic.
Mike says there is $3515.6 in the register. No need to go to bank.
Mike says the inventory is valued at $455.0
Bob is training a dog.
The dog is not yet housebroken, they're going to train with Bob
Bob is training a ferret.
The ferret is already housebroken, no need to train.
Bob is training a dog.
The dog is already housebroken, no need to train.
Bob is training a ferret.
The ferret is already housebroken, no need to train.
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 is thinking about buying a treats.
Bob offered Customer 2 a 10% discount on the treats
Mike is adding $23.4 to the register.
Customer 2 has left the store after buying a treats.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 is thinking about buying a ferret.
Mike says Customer 3 will pay for the ferret at list price.
Mike is adding $74.0 to the register.
Customer 3 has left the store after buying a ferret.
Customer 4 has entered the store.
Customer 4 is thinking about buying a dog.
Mike says Customer 4 will pay for the dog at list price.
Mike is adding $175.0 to the register.
Customer 4 has left the store after buying a dog.
Customer 5 has entered the store.
Customer 5 is thinking about buying a dog.
Mike says Customer 5 will pay for the dog at list price.
Mike is adding $228.0 to the register.
Customer 5 has left the store after buying a dog.
Bob is cleaning a snake cage.
Bob is cleaning a sick snake's cage.
Bob is cleaning a ferret cage.
Bob is cleaning a sick snake's cage.
Mike is locking up the store. Mike and Bob are leaving the store.
