Mike the clerk arrives at the store on day 8.
Harry the trainer arrives at the store on day 8.
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 is thinking about buying a cat litter.
Harry offered Customer 1 a 10% discount on the cat litter
Mike is adding $54.0 to the register.
Customer 1 has left the store after buying a cat litter.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 4 has entered the store.
Customer 4 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 5 has entered the store.
Customer 5 is thinking about buying a dog.
Mike says Customer 5 will pay for the dog at list price.
Mike is adding $80.0 to the register.
Customer 5 has left the store after buying a dog.
Customer 6 has entered the store.
Customer 6 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 7 has entered the store.
Customer 7 is thinking about buying a dog.
Harry offered Customer 7 a 10% discount on the dog
Customer 7 will pay for the dog with a 10% discount
Mike is adding $195.8 to the register.
Customer 7 has left the store after buying a dog.
Customer 8 has entered the store.
Customer 8 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 9 has entered the store.
Customer 9 has left the store without buying an item.
Mike the clerk arrives at the store on day 8.
Julie the trainer arrives at the store on day 8.
Julie is feeding a snake.
Julie is feeding a sick snake. They haven't gotten better.
Julie is feeding a ferret.
Julie is feeding a sick snake. Julie says the snake has gotten better. They're being moved to the store.
Mike says there is $3841.0 in the register. No need to go to bank.
Mike says the inventory is valued at $291.0
Mike says there are no dogs in stock. They're going to order more.
Mike says there are no cats in stock. They're going to order more.
Mike says there are no birds in stock. They're going to order more.
Julie is training a ferret.
The ferret is already housebroken, no need to train.
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 is thinking about buying a snake.
Mike says Customer 2 will pay for the snake at list price.
Mike is adding $150.0 to the register.
Customer 2 has left the store after buying a snake.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 has left the store without buying an item.
Julie is cleaning a sick snake's cage.
Julie is cleaning a ferret cage.
Julie is cleaning a snake cage.
Mike is locking up the store. Mike and Julie are leaving the store.
