Customer 8 has left the store without buying an item.
Lisa the clerk arrives at the store on day 14.
Bob the trainer arrives at the store on day 14.
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 is thinking about buying a ferret.
Bob offered Customer 1 a 10% discount on the ferret
Customer 1 will pay for the ferret with a 10% discount
Lisa is adding $57.2 to the register.
Customer 1 has left the store after buying a ferret.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 is thinking about buying a cat.
Lisa says Customer 3 will pay for the cat at list price.
Lisa is adding $98.0 to the register.
Customer 3 has left the store after buying a cat.
Customer 4 has entered the store.
Customer 4 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 5 has entered the store.
Customer 5 has left the store without buying an item.
Greg the clerk arrives at the store on day 14.
Bob the trainer arrives at the store on day 14.
Bob is feeding a sick snake. They haven't gotten better.
Bob is feeding a cat.
Bob is feeding a dog.
Bob is feeding a dog.
Bob is feeding a dog.
Greg says there is $4656.6006 in the register. No need to go to bank.
Greg says the inventory is valued at $190.0
Bob is training a cat.
The cat is already housebroken, no need to train.
Bob is training a dog.
The dog is not yet housebroken, they're going to train with Bob
Bob is training a dog.
The dog is already housebroken, no need to train.
Bob is training a dog.
The dog is already housebroken, no need to train.
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 is thinking about buying a dog.
Greg says Customer 2 will pay for the dog at list price.
Greg is adding $120.0 to the register.
Customer 2 has left the store after buying a dog.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 4 has entered the store.
Customer 4 is thinking about buying a cat.
Greg says Customer 4 will pay for the cat at list price.
Greg is adding $128.0 to the register.
Customer 4 has left the store after buying a cat.
Bob is cleaning a sick snake's cage.
Bob is cleaning a dog cage.
Bob is cleaning a dog cage.
Greg is locking up the store. Greg and Bob are leaving the store.
