Lisa the clerk arrives at the store on day 3.
Harry the trainer arrives at the store on day 3.
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 is thinking about buying a cat litter.
Harry offered Customer 1 a 10% discount on the cat litter
Lisa is adding $120.6 to the register.
Customer 1 has left the store after buying a cat litter.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 is thinking about buying a food.
Harry offered Customer 3 a 10% discount on the food
Lisa is adding $97.2 to the register.
Customer 3 has left the store after buying a food.
Customer 4 has entered the store.
Customer 4 is thinking about buying a snake.
Harry offered Customer 4 a 10% discount on the snake
Customer 4 will pay for the snake with a 10% discount
Lisa is adding $152.6 to the register.
Customer 4 has left the store after buying a snake.
Customer 5 has entered the store.
Customer 5 is thinking about buying a ferret.
Harry offered Customer 5 a 10% discount on the ferret
Customer 5 will pay for the ferret with a 10% discount
Lisa is adding $69.8 to the register.
Customer 5 has left the store after buying a ferret.
Customer 6 has entered the store.
Customer 6 is thinking about buying a toy.
Lisa says Customer 6 will pay for the toy at list price.
Lisa is adding $124.0 to the register.
Customer 6 has left the store after buying a toy.
Mike the clerk arrives at the store on day 3.
Julie the trainer arrives at the store on day 3.
Julie is feeding a sick snake. They haven't gotten better.
Julie is feeding a dog.
Julie is feeding a cat.
Julie is feeding a ferret.
Julie is feeding a snake.
Julie is feeding a dog.
Julie is feeding a bird.
Julie is feeding a ferret.
Julie is feeding a snake.
Mike says there is $2199.8 in the register. No need to go to bank.
Mike says the inventory is valued at $1142.0
Julie is training a dog.
The dog is not yet housebroken, they're going to train with Julie
Julie is training a cat.
The cat is already housebroken, no need to train.
Julie is training a ferret.
The ferret is not yet housebroken, they're going to train with Julie
Julie is training a dog.
The dog is not yet housebroken, they're going to train with Julie
Julie is training a ferret.
The ferret is already housebroken, no need to train.
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 is thinking about buying a cat litter.
Mike says Customer 1 will pay for the cat litter at list price.
Mike is adding $186.0 to the register.
Customer 1 has left the store after buying a cat litter.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 is thinking about buying a cat.
Mike says Customer 2 will pay for the cat at list price.
Mike is adding $240.0 to the register.
Customer 2 has left the store after buying a cat.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 is thinking about buying a toy.
Mike says Customer 3 will pay for the toy at list price.
Mike is adding $62.0 to the register.
Customer 3 has left the store after buying a toy.
Customer 4 has entered the store.
Customer 4 is thinking about buying a food.
Mike says Customer 4 will pay for the food at list price.
Mike is adding $126.0 to the register.
Customer 4 has left the store after buying a food.
Customer 5 has entered the store.
Customer 5 has left the store without buying an item.
Julie is cleaning a sick snake's cage.
Julie is cleaning a dog cage.
Julie is cleaning a ferret cage.
Julie is cleaning a snake cage.
Julie is cleaning a dog cage.
Julie is cleaning a bird cage.
Julie is cleaning a ferret cage.
Julie is cleaning a snake cage.
Mike is locking up the store. Mike and Julie are leaving the store.
