Lisa the clerk arrives at the store on day 4.
Harry the trainer arrives at the store on day 4.
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 is thinking about buying a cat.
Lisa says Customer 1 will pay for the cat at list price.
Lisa is adding $181.0 to the register.
Customer 1 has left the store after buying a cat.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 is thinking about buying a bird.
Lisa says Customer 2 will pay for the bird at list price.
Lisa is adding $58.0 to the register.
Customer 2 has left the store after buying a bird.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 is thinking about buying a toy.
Lisa says Customer 3 will pay for the toy at list price.
Lisa is adding $60.0 to the register.
Customer 3 has left the store after buying a toy.
Customer 4 has entered the store.
Customer 4 is thinking about buying a snake.
Harry offered Customer 4 a 10% discount on the snake
Customer 4 will pay for the snake with a 10% discount
Lisa is adding $138.2 to the register.
Customer 4 has left the store after buying a snake.
Lisa the clerk arrives at the store on day 4.
Bob the trainer arrives at the store on day 4.
Bob is feeding a sick snake. They haven't gotten better.
Bob is feeding a dog.
Bob is feeding a ferret.
Bob is feeding a snake. Bob says the snake has gotten sick. They're being moved to the clinic.
Bob is feeding a dog.
Bob is feeding a bird.
Bob is feeding a ferret.
Bob is feeding a snake.
Lisa says there is $2763.8 in the register. No need to go to bank.
Lisa says the inventory is valued at $860.0
Bob is training a dog.
The dog is not yet housebroken, they're going to train with Bob
Bob is training a ferret.
The ferret is not yet housebroken, they're going to train with Bob
The positive reinforcement training worked, the ferret is now housebroken.Bob is training a dog.
The dog is not yet housebroken, they're going to train with Bob
The positive reinforcement training worked, the dog is now housebroken.Bob is training a ferret.
The ferret is already housebroken, no need to train.
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 is thinking about buying a cat litter.
Bob offered Customer 1 a 10% discount on the cat litter
Lisa is adding $104.4 to the register.
Customer 1 has left the store after buying a cat litter.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 is thinking about buying a leash.
Bob offered Customer 3 a 10% discount on the leash
Lisa is adding $117.0 to the register.
Customer 3 has left the store after buying a leash.
Bob is cleaning a sick snake's cage.
Bob is cleaning a dog cage.
Bob is cleaning a ferret cage.
Bob is cleaning a sick snake's cage.
Bob is cleaning a dog cage.
Bob is cleaning a bird cage. Oh no the bird escaped.
Lisa has caught the bird and returned it to the cage.
Bob is cleaning a ferret cage.
Bob is cleaning a snake cage.
Lisa is locking up the store. Lisa and Bob are leaving the store.
