Greg the clerk arrives at the store on day 28.
Bob the trainer arrives at the store on day 28.
Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 is thinking about buying a cat.
Bob offered Customer 1 a 10% discount on the cat
Customer 1 will continue to look at other items.
Customer 1 is thinking about buying a bird.
Greg says Customer 1 will pay for the bird at list price.
Greg is adding $221.0 to the register.
Customer 1 has left the store after buying a bird.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 is thinking about buying a cat litter.
Bob offered Customer 2 a 10% discount on the cat litter
Greg is adding $61.2 to the register.
Customer 2 has left the store after buying a cat litter.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 is thinking about buying a treats.
Bob offered Customer 3 a 10% discount on the treats
Greg is adding $88.2 to the register.
Customer 3 has left the store after buying a treats.
Customer 4 has entered the store.
Customer 4 is thinking about buying a leash.
Greg says Customer 4 will pay for the leash at list price.
Greg is adding $44.0 to the register.
Customer 4 has left the store after buying a leash.
Customer 5 has entered the store.
Customer 5 is thinking about buying a leash.
Greg says Customer 5 will pay for the leash at list price.
Greg is adding $86.0 to the register.
Customer 5 has left the store after buying a leash.
Customer 6 has entered the store.
Customer 6 is thinking about buying a bird.
Greg says Customer 6 will pay for the bird at list price.
Greg is adding $54.0 to the register.
Customer 6 has left the store after buying a bird.
Customer 7 has entered the store.
Customer 7 is thinking about buying a cat.
Bob offered Customer 7 a 10% discount on the cat
Customer 7 will pay for the cat with a 10% discount
Greg is adding $190.4 to the register.
Customer 7 has left the store after buying a cat.
Customer 8 has entered the store.
Customer 8 is thinking about buying a food.
Bob offered Customer 8 a 10% discount on the food
Greg is adding $109.8 to the register.
Customer 8 has left the store after buying a food.
Customer 9 has entered the store.
Customer 9 is thinking about buying a cat.
Greg says Customer 9 will pay for the cat at list price.
Greg is adding $174.0 to the register.
Customer 9 has left the store after buying a cat.
Customer 10 has entered the store.
Customer 10 is thinking about buying a treats.
Greg says Customer 10 will pay for the treats at list price.
Greg is adding $34.0 to the register.
Customer 10 has left the store after buying a treats.
Lisa the clerk arrives at the store on day 28.
Bob the trainer arrives at the store on day 28.
Bob is feeding a dog. Bob says the dog has gotten sick. They're being moved to the clinic.
Bob is feeding a ferret.
Bob is feeding a sick ferret. They haven't gotten better.
Bob is feeding a sick cat. They haven't gotten better.
Bob is feeding a snake.
Lisa says there is $5539.001 in the register. No need to go to bank.
Lisa says the inventory is valued at $348.0
Bob is training a dog.
The dog is already housebroken, no need to train.
Bob is training a ferret.
The ferret is already housebroken, no need to train.
Bob is training a ferret.
The ferret is already housebroken, no need to train.
Bob is training a cat.
The cat is not yet housebroken, they're going to train with Bob
The positive reinforcement training worked, the cat is now housebroken.Customer 1 has entered the store.
Customer 1 has left the store without buying an item.
Customer 2 has entered the store.
Customer 2 is thinking about buying a food.
Lisa says Customer 2 will pay for the food at list price.
Lisa is adding $0.0 to the register.
Customer 2 has left the store after buying a food.
Customer 3 has entered the store.
Customer 3 is thinking about buying a ferret.
Lisa says Customer 3 will pay for the ferret at list price.
Lisa is adding $56.0 to the register.
Customer 3 has left the store after buying a ferret.
Customer 4 has entered the store.
Customer 4 is thinking about buying a snake.
Lisa says Customer 4 will pay for the snake at list price.
Lisa is adding $174.0 to the register.
Customer 4 has left the store after buying a snake.
Bob is cleaning a sick dog's cage.
Bob is cleaning a sick ferret's cage.
Bob is cleaning a sick cat's cage.
Lisa is locking up the store. Lisa and Bob are leaving the store.
